I was raised as an only child with two
people who basically hated each other
just enough to stay together so I guess
you could say I've been mediating since
well before I was born years before I
heard the term mutually assured
destruction I was very familiar with it
growing up in that house
Mason Francis Skiles 45 years old 10
years ago he was deputy chief of mission
here until his wife was killed he's
damaged goods
but he's manageable
maybe one of you could tell me what I'm
doing here three nights ago American was
pulled off the street in Westbury next
morning we got to communicate from a
group calling itself the militia of
Islamic Liberation but they have the guy
they want to talk they want you to
broker the deal they asked for you
specifically
your friend Cal he's the hostage Cal's
the head of all Mideast operations
he's talks you'll be waiting for bodies
to pile up on the embassy sidewalk what
do you want me to do you're an
experienced negotiator negotiate
Bree what I will try call a tile a for
the return of my brother but I feel the
port-a-john
give me a meeting in Israel eunuch
Olympics Matt lead flight 305 46 days
all of this feed abu allah shadow is
this about you looking for the man of
your wife they can't find your brother
gonna have to come up with an
alternative this is alternative he's
given us six hours to deliver the
brother he's hiding
he's been driven so deep his own people
don't know where he is
right now there's a hell of a lot
unprotected pieces in the field you
think they want to save Callen or do you
think they won't say the information
that's an ugly question
clearly the monsters have taken over
Lebanon
something needs to be done and give
Israel the keys to the city
I need to see cow and it's impossible
it's only impossible he's dead
2,000 years of revenge then murder
often the Bayreuth